hello everybody van zan here with a
quick rant video about smartphones or
more specifically the blackberry now I'm
not sort of going he tends to spend a
lot of money on phones although i really
do like my tech i tend to pull my money
into computers and laptops and desktops
and just tend to buy sort of relatively
cheap non smartphones throwaway phones
pay-as-you-go rather than contract but
recently i was offered for nothing by a
friend of mine a blackberry I don't know
what number of model it is but a
blackberry because a friend of mine was
upgrading to an iphone 3g and fair play
he did I was very excited because these
things have a great reputation you know
in the business world and so on and so
forth and supposed to be one of the kind
of frontrunners in the smartphone race
but I have to say after having this
thing for maybe four months it is a
piece of floundering unmitigated
these are the worst not only the worst
smartphones this is the worst phone I
have ever ever owned for a hundred
different reasons but as I said this is
a quick video sore highlight three or
four okay firstly keyboard sighs now I'm
a graphic designer I have fairly slim
fingers they're not they're not huge
they're not chunky and I'll totally
skinny but the kind of you know average
and I'm a touch typer my mac users well
you know quite a nice widespread
keyboard but I'm pretty good with any
keyboard and I'm pretty first and i can
text quick on most phones now this thing
what's the point in putting a qwerty
keyboard this way when you have that
aspect to play with and it's a pretty it
makes the phone enormous now i don't
mind that on a touchscreen phone like an
iphone of course because the entire
front surface is a touchpad sensitive
input device or is this thing it's this
wheedling pathetic what three and a half
for miller push / button setup and when
I'm when I'm doing tax and I'm trying to
do texture
it's probably four fifths mistake and
delete and one-fifth actually getting
the key I want but is every single time
i press the button i'm not talking about
my thumbs i'm talking with the very
slimmest part of my index fingers I hit
normally three or four of all the
buttons all the way around it and then
have to go back so that's my first round
second is build quality now I thought
these things would be built like Buicks
you know like built like a house as I
say some of my older phones are better
building this this thing is don't you
hear that probably not it's creaky and
plasticky it feels like it has made out
a wheelie bin plastic do you know me
with this apparent chrome edge which
actually turns out to be a really really
low quality 10 I mean Neela that's vile
if you find things of higher build
quality falling out of cereal packets I
swear okay thirdly the amount of times
I'll pull this out of my pocket will
actually open this particular model
comes with a kind of you know case thing
and it's got a magnet in it and what
happens is when you put it in if the
phone is say on it turns it off yeah
okay all right nice well the problem is
when somebody phones me every single
time I have to phone the back and I mean
every time because it goes bring bring
bring I lift the phone out and it turns
itself off it hands up I you not
every time so I have to spend money
phoning back it's unforgivable fourth
problem it's got a little button there
ok now I'm right handed so I hold the
phone alla that way but Ramires as soon
as you lift it out you press the button
as you would and you probably can't see
what it's doing there can I make that
out it's now listening to me I don't
know why because I try get it I tried to
get it to you know make calls with this
and it doesn't it just hangs up there
goes
ah Oh while I'm here let's not forget
again look at the size of the thing I
mean its vast it's probably what two and
three-quarter inches across and about
five four and a half five inches long
and like three quarter inch thick man
this is not a light phone or a small
phone by any means where's the camera
dreadful just shocking another gripe as
well is the actual OS the actual
operating system on board now I've had
this thing three four months as i said
earlier but I can't make heads or
friggin tails out of it I can get basic
functionality out of it like you know
texts and things like that but
everything you have to do is sort of
counterintuitive you have to go round
and around in circles two or three times
before it spots what you've done even if
those three or four times you do exactly
the same process over and over and over
again and the fine it goes oh oh good it
I mean seriously the logical lack of
logic on this thing is more twisted than
a dreadlock in a wind tunnel a browser
I'm not going to say the browsers slow
okay face I suppose I could go off and
watch several cricket Test matches while
it's trying to access the web okay I use
my computer the browser is so slow that
seriously I could put in the you know
the URL of any given website and it
would be quicker for me to walk there
all I can say is these phones must have
gained this reputation very undeservedly
but they gained this reputation of being
the solid business peripheral solid
business tool obviously when there was
nothing else on the market there were no
other phones to kind of stand against it
and considering BlackBerry's range from
about 180 to anything upwards of 450
pounds I think this is one of the
biggest rip-offs in the
telecommunications world at the moment
I'm not gonna have people going I phones
are up to 600 quid yeah they are but the
features they are feature-rich and they
are easy to use I'm not being a fanboy
because ultimately I also prefer Nokia's
as well I mean seriously not to put too
fine a point on it this phone is a
coconut the one life however at the end
of this otherwise entirely grey tunnel
is that a very good friend of mine today
in fact is perfectly happy to swap my
present blackberry for his current setup
which I believe is a Nokia and they're
incredibly sound been sold to see how
that goes and I so prefer knock use but
anyway if I wasn't actually going to be
trading in for a new phone today I
probably this probably wouldn't be a
rant video this would be s watch me
smash the out of my blackberry
video all I can say is unless you are a
sadist or addicted to that label avoid
like the plague anyway rant over thanks
to your time until next time this is
vans am Sonia